The normality of being able to do tasks
that the average person does
is just such a huge thing.
The separation between disability
and ability
is shrinking every day,
and that's massively huge.
And the development that's caused
that has literally changed our lives.
There was
a little box online
where I had to talk to a robot.
I had to type to the robot
I can't type fast enough.
The robot, are you there?
Are you there?
And I'm like, Yes, I am.
But I'm slow.
I went into my app, as I always do.
I got all the way through the process
and then right at the end
the transfer button was missing,
just plain out wasn't there.
And they'd done an update overnight,
which I didn't know about,
and the update worked fine
for the majority of users,
but for people with blindness,
using the the app that I use,
they hadn't checked and I couldn't use it at all.
and that caused me so much anxiety
I still remember it today.
There was a time sensitive issue at work
that we needed to address
and I was needed in that meeting.
I was unable to join the call due to no
visual component and no caption component.
So therefore
I wasn't able to access it
and therefore I was removed from the job.
So I then had to call up a number
which wasn't really that helpful.
because I was on hold
for four hours
and then someone hung up on me.
I went on the website
to talk to
someone on the chat service.
They wanted people to ring up
to cancel a service.
I explained I had cerebral palsy
And eventually
I got an interpreter.
I wish I didn’t have to repeat
my same story
time and time again.
I do it because
it’s the only way I can
get to do everything
I wanna do.
Disability is the only minority that anyone
can become a part of at any given time.
The ability to express your access
needs easily in a digital way
is something that that I think
is inclusive across the board.
And I would absolutely love
to see more of that.
I always tell people that access
isn't hard if it's done at the start,
access is foundation and continuous.
It's like building a building.
You don't put the foundation in once
you've built the ten storey skyscraper.
So if you think about it at the start and
lay it down at the start, it'll be easy.